actually
First of all, keep telling me that I really hope you can come to our
I didn't want him to.
If you can come
God knows I mentioned a month 200,000
Ok I promise you
Gu Yiyun, I will go home and make it clear to my parents about the People's Liberation Army contract
And about the necklace, I will definitely
Hey, Xiao Chen, hey.
I've sacrificed so much for you
Collaboration on technical projects
Okay, don't worry.
Brother Yiming, how could I lie to you?
Qin Shiyu, you must not let him find out
It is better to marry him as soon as possible
Don't worry, I will.
Oh, dear.
Hey light rain
Come on, you see, these are all sent by stage names
I can't tell that my stage name really likes you just this time.
The dowry 5 million
Mom, can you return these things?
I will not marry Anonymous
It is your blessing that Qin Shiyu can take a fancy to you
What wealthy family do you think you can marry into?
This Buddha will give you the same
How do you talk to your elders?
I know you're so uneducated
I don't know, dare to ask, I shouldn't have brought you back in the first place
If it weren't for our Qin Jiaxiu?
You would have died outside